h1. anvisa-bot

anvisa-bot é uma API Ruby para consultar Produtos para Saúde Registrados.

Até o momento, somente a busca por registro anvisa foi implementada.
Esta API faz requests e parse no HTML do site da anvisa para fornecer informações sobre produtos.

Site da Anvisa:

http://www.anvisa.gov.br/scriptsweb/correlato/correlato.htm

h2. Instalação

@sudo gem install anvisa-bot

h2. Usando como executável

$ anvisa-bot "numero_registro_anvisa" <br>
Por exemplo:
@anvisa-bot 10008530225@

h2. Usando a API Ruby

<pre>
require "rubygems"
require "anvisa_bot"

produto = AnvisaBot.consulta_produto_por_registro(10247530027)

puts produto.empresa
puts produto.cnpj
puts produto.autorizacao
puts produto.nome
puts produto.modelo
puts produto.registro
puts produto.processo
puts produto.origem
puts produto.vencimento_registro
</pre>

h2. LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 FIX

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
